turn your recording on,and...
Session. Okay, hold on.
OK, session two will now.
begin.
And....Japan J-Bowl, Japan Quiz Bowl
But I need to talk a little bit
Forget about the study topics. You can do that on your own because I'm not of any help right now.
without the internet.......um(***)
I do need to figure out. um....
Fundraising. how???
How goes it? Well, how much do we have right now?
That's the last time we asked for the printout. It was 2100.
23 right? So that's close to 400.
1.7 okay
Okay,Don't we have any food sales lined up?
March 10. okay
You saw,It only makes about a hundred.(***)
Yeah
Perfect situation,Okay
What do you mean perfect situation?
You know, the seventh graders are no longer that.
Foolish. They're wise.
about how they spend their money.I'll they (***)Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. um......
The other,we  wait did we decide what we're gonna
(***)No,We need to discuss that too.
Okay. Do you have any idea what you wanted to sell for that?
Yeah, yeah.
I need to go look it up.
I need to see if I can get it. It's harder to...
It's harder to get that so to be honest.Yeah...
Um
But,Aside from that, so we're doing okay.
a little bit (***)okay
0.7 that will cover a lot of the hotels
or half of the hotel bill.Um...
But other than that, i need a stock.I'm hoping I can catch(***)
How does your parents think about  um..the
Flying into did you ask your parents about flying its to?
No preference. They're okay. They're not like worried about
No,we have
As long as they're not worried about it. I'm good.
Um....
Well,now i have so have to stop(***)
things that you guys want to do.
you're the one that said the spine is like keep eating
That was a joke. It's actually kind of interesting.
Yeah, how often? Like, to be honest, everybody goes to Smithsonian.
Everybody goes to the National Gallery.
So, if you want, do you,do you  really want to do the spider museum?
(***)
Yeah...
No, the National Monument organise stop by.
Um...Again,like on the time we  show
Likes,its we're gonna get in the like thoses no we can do the flight in the morning
So,I'm not gonna do a six o'clock flight in the morning so which means lot of flights
Its are leaving in the afternoon, so we could swing by.
by the National Ball. And I wanted to this year.
What do you think about this deal?
We haven't done that last year.Yeah...
i was thinking we didn't last year we didn't do korean
War Memorial and we didn't do...Um....
We also didn't do FDR service  to clean.
Stop by those
What? We did World War II last year.
yeah it was the circular fountain yeah
(***)one, yeah
Umm......Yes
So.......Um  other than that.
Warehouse, Is there anything you want to see though?
Yeah...
Okay